README.md, before:

# ZOOPEDIA

by James Osborn

## Description

Kelly Turner, master walrus trainer, approached me about building a new animal tracking app for the zoo. I'm glad to help out. Anything for the walruses. Or is it walrie?

## Installation

## Setup Instructions

TO START:

$ npm install  
$ bower init  
$ bower install  
$ gulp build  
$ gulp serve

## Technologies Used


## License Information

## Specs

##### Description:  App will display a list of animals logged in the system.
Input:  `View website`  
Output:  `Display animal list`

##### Description: Clicking an animal name from the master list will display an animal 7 unique details, including name, species, age, sex, diet, zoo location, and number of needed caretakers
Input:  `Click Marty the Walrus`  
Output:  
```
Name: Marty  
Species: Walrus  
Age: 12  
Sex: Male  
Diet: Fish  
Zoo Location: Grizzly Grotto  
Number of Caretakers: 3
```

##### Description:  User is able to edit animal name, age, or caretakers
Input:  `Edit Marty's Age`
Output: `Age: 12>13`  

##### Description:  
Input:  
Output:  

##### Description:  
Input:  
Output:  

##### Description:  
Input:  
Output:  

##### Description:  
Input:  
Output:

Commit message:

finish specs to cover all user stories.

README.md, after:

# ZOOPEDIA

by James Osborn

## Description

Kelly Turner, master walrus trainer, approached me about building a new animal tracking app for the zoo. I'm glad to help out. Anything for the walruses. Or is it walrie?

## Installation

## Setup Instructions

TO START:

$ npm install  
$ bower init  
$ bower install  
$ gulp build  
$ gulp serve

## Technologies Used


## License Information

## Specs

##### Description:  App will display a list of animals logged in the system.
Input:  `View website`  
Output:  `Display animal list`

##### Description: Clicking an animal name from the list will display an animal 7 unique details, including name, species, age, sex, diet, zoo location, and number of needed caretakers
Input:  `Click Marty the Walrus`  
Output:  
```
Name: Marty  
Species: Walrus  
Age: 12  
Sex: Male  
Diet: Fish  
Zoo Location: Grizzly Grotto  
Number of Caretakers: 3
```

##### Description:  User is able to edit animal name, age, or caretakers
Input:  `Edit Marty's Age`
Output: `Age: 12>13`  

##### Description:  User is able to filter animal list for only young animals (less than 2 years old)
Input:  `Filter: Young animals < 2 years old`
Output:  `Zeus, Nick, Charlotte`

##### Description:  User is able to filter animal list for only older animals (greater than 2 years old)
Input:  `Filter: Mature animals > 2 years old`
Output:  `Marty, other mature animals...`

##### Description:  User is able to add a new animal to the animal list via a form
Input:  `Add: Henrietta the Seal`
Output:  `Henrietta appears in list`
